Updated node sample to use Managed Identity token to get a secret from a key vault (#11)
Azure-Samples/msal-managed-identity: src/nodejs/managed-identity/azure-vm/README.md

# Managed Identity for Azure VM Sample

> This sample demonstrates how to use [managed identity via the msal-node library](/lib/msal-node/docs/managed-identity.md) to acquire a token for accessing Azure KeyVault, on behalf of a managed identity configured on an Azure VM. The sample then calls the downstream api - it calls KeyVault and retrieves a secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates how to use [managed identity via the msal-node library](/lib/msal-node/docs/managed-identity.md) to acquire a token for accessing Azure Key Vault, on behalf of a managed identity configured on an Azure virtual machine (VM). The sample then calls the downstream API, which calls Azure Key Vault and retrieves a secret.
```

Reviewer: @Robbie-Microsoft - also, the link to the managed identity document is broken. Looking at the folder (https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/tree/dev/lib/msal-node/docs) doesn't seem like there is a doc for managed identity?

Author: Shoot, it looks like my most recent updates did not make it to this PR. I'll try-reuploading.

Author: @localden There is, but the doc is part of the msal-node PR that merges the MSI functionality into the dev branch. The link will work when the PR is committed. Otherwise, there's no way to view the file in the meantime.

Reviewer: @Robbie-Microsoft do we have a ETA for the file being live?

Author: Well... if GA is scheduled for the end of March, then that's the ETA. The only thing holding this back right now is manual testing of Service Fabric.

Reviewer: Let's remove the link until the page is available. We can upate the sample later.

Follow [this guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/qs-configure-portal-windows-vm) to setup an Azure VM, as well as add a system assigned and user assigned managed identity to the Azure VM.

## Key Vault Setup

> Follow [this guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/tutorial-windows-vm-access-nonaad) to create a key vault, create a secret, and grant key vault access to the virtual machine and two managed identity applications in this sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the tutorial to provision the resources necessary for this sample: [Tutorial: Use a Windows VM system-assigned managed identity to access Azure Key Vault](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/tutorial-windows-vm-access-nonaad).
```

};
```

> Additionally, the `KEY_VAULT_NAME` and `SECRET_NAME` values in index.ts need to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the `KEY_VAULT_NAME` and `SECRET_NAME` values in `index.ts` need to be updated.
```

```typescript
const KEY_VAULT_NAME: string = "KEY_VAULT_NAME";
const SECRET_NAME: string = "SECRET_NAME";
```

## Run the app on the Azure VM

> Before running the sample (and everytime changes are made to the sample), the TypeScript will need to be compiled. In the same folder, type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running the sample (and everytime changes are made to the sample), the TypeScript code will need to be compiled. In the same folder, type:
```
